{\pard\ql\f1\fs24 
{\sa200\par}
@@DATE@@\par
\par 
@@ADDRBLOCK@@
\par
Dear Dr. @@SURNAME@@,
\par
\par
@@MISCDOC:Editorial Board Comprehensive Review Letter@@
Sincerely,\par 
\par
\par
\par
@@BMNAME@@\line
Board Manager, @@EDBOARDNAME@@\line
Office of Communications and Public Liaison\line
National Cancer Institute\line
9609 Medical Center Drive, MSC 9760\line
Rockville, MD 20850\par
\page
{\qc\b Guidelines for Comprehensive Revisions\par
of PDQ Cancer Information Summaries\par}
\par
To ensure the high quality of the PDQ summaries, each summary will
 undergo a comprehensive review/revision by the Editorial Board.
 This process will occur at approximately 3-year intervals. The
 goals and procedures of the review are outlined below:\par
\par
{\b\ul What is a comprehensive review?\par}
\par
{\li580{\ls1
Thorough review of all content for accuracy and completeness.\par
Review of references to cull old and add new.\par
Review of entire summary for organization, language, and flow of
 the text to make sure it is clear and understandable.\par
Review of the patient version of the summary (Board-specific).\par
}}
\par
{\b\ul Thorough review of all content for accuracy and completeness.\par}
\par
{\li580{\ls1
Identify gaps in content and look for potential topics or key papers
 that may have been omitted. Contact your Board Manager if a specific
 literature search is needed.\par
Modify, add, or delete text as needed to accurately reflect current
 evidence-based information.\par
Ensure that text is still relevant.\par
}}
\par
{\b\ul Review references to cull old and add new.\par}
\par
{\li580{\ls1
Replace old (10 years or greater) with newer references, when appropriate.\par
Ensure that existing text is correctly referenced.\par
Limit the number of references to support the facts. Delete unnecessary
 or superfluous references.\par
Use Levels of Evidence to facilitate reference review.\par
Do not renumber the references. Strike through the references in the text
 that you do not want. When adding a reference, type the reference
 information in the document where you want it to be added.\par
}}
\par
{\b\ul Review of entire summary for organization, language, and flow of
 the text to make sure it is clear and understandable.\par}
\par
{\li580{\ls1
Look at the summary as a whole and ensure that, organizationally,
 it makes sense.\par
Consider adding sub-headings, bulleted lists, tables and illustrations
 to break up large paragraphs.\par
After evidence is presented, if possible, provide a statement of the
 bottom line.\par
Review summary for readability and flow of information, and ensure
 that it is appropriate for the intended user.\par
}}
\par
{\b\ul Review of the patient version of the summary (Board-specific).\par}
\par
{\li580{\ls1
Identify inconsistencies between the two summary versions, or
 inaccuracies within the patient version.\par
If new text is needed, it will be written by technical writers at the
 appropriate reading level.\par
}}
\par
{\b\ul Procedure\par}
\par
{\li580{\ls@@LISTID@@
The latest copy of the summary will be sent via e-mail or posted in
 the EBMS. Please make any changes directly in the electronic version
 using Track Changes. Delete or strike-through text that is to be
 removed including references. If you prefer to work from a hard copy,
 please contact your Board manager. If you would like to receive a copy
 of all references currently cited in the summary, or if you would like
 a literature search performed, please contact your Board manager.\par
If you are reviewing a hard copy of the summary that you received by mail,
 please do the following:\par
{\li780{\ls1
Make your changes directly on the printout, and write clearly using a pen.\par
If you include a separate sheet with new text, indicate on the printout
 exactly where the text should be inserted into the summary.\par
Clearly cross through any text or references that should be deleted.\par
}}
Provide specific text revisions (exact wording as it will appear in the
 summary) along with complete citations for supporting references.
 Include exact placement of new text. If the same text should be added
 in more than one section, please indicate this clearly.\par
When adding a new reference, please provide, at a minimum, the first
 author's last name, journal, and year of publication. Type the reference
 information in the document where you want it to be added. Do not
 renumber references in the text or in the reference section.\par
Please respond to any comments the Board manager has for you in the
 document.\par
Please send all changes to the Board manager by the agreed upon due date,
 so they can be discussed at a future Board meeting.\par
}}
\par
{\b Please contact @@BMNAME@@ at @@BMPHONE@@ or @@BMEMAIL@@ if you have
 any questions.}
}
