{\pard\ql\f1\fs24 
{\sa200\par}
@@DATE@@\par
\par 
@@ADDRBLOCK@@
\par
Dear @@FORENAME@@,
\par
\par
@@MISCDOC:Editorial Board Reformatted Summary Review Letter@@
Sincerely,\par 
\par
\par
\par
@@BMNAME@@\line
Board Manager, @@EDBOARDNAME@@\line
Office of Communications and Education\line
National Cancer Institute\line
9609 Medical Center Drive, MSC 9760\line
Rockville, MD 20850\par
\page
{\qc\b Instructions for Reviewing a Reformatted PDQ\uc3\u174[R]
 Cancer Information Summary\par}
\par
The PDQ Health Professional Summary Reformat Project was initiated
 after an evaluation of our users demonstrated:\par
\par
{\li580{\ls1
The text was dense and difficult to read.\par
Finding specific information was difficult and tedious.\par
}}
\par
In order to make the summary more web-friendly for the user, the PDQ
 summary you are reviewing has been revised according to the Health
 Professional Summary Reformat Guidelines. Formatting and structural
 changes that have been incorporated into the summary include the
 following:\par
\par
{\li580{\ls1
Created short paragraphs that address a single topic. Deleted repetitive
 text.\par
Added headings/subheadings to guide the user through the document.\par
Added bullets to highlight important information and break up the
 narrative text.\par
Added tables/figures, where appropriate.\par
Highlighted the evidence for a given topic.\par
}}
\par
As the reviewer of the reformatted summary, you are responsible for
 assuring the following:\par
\par
{\li580{\ls1
Content is accurate, clearly stated, and correctly referenced.
 References and levels of evidence are supplied where requested.\par
Organization of the document reflects the current state of the science
 and is appropriate for the intended user.\par
It is clear to the user whether a treatment is a:\par
}}
{\li1160{\ls1
Standard treatment option (there is sufficient evidence to support the
 use of the treatment option).\par
Treatment option (the treatment is used in the clinical setting but there
 is insufficient evidence to consider it standard).\par
Treatment option has been previously evaluated and is not currently in use.\par
Treatment option is under clinical evaluation.\par}}
\line
{\li580
If there is insufficient evidence or lack of agreement in the medical
 community for a particular treatment, note this and any other
 explanation or caveats needed to assure the user has a clear
 understanding of the issues.\par
{\ls1
Respond to all comments to you in the document. If you would like to
 provide text at a later time, please make a note in the summary.\par
}}
\par
{\b Instructions:}\par
\par
{\b Use the TrackChanges feature of MSW to make your revisions.}
 The TrackChanges feature is under the Review tab.\par
\par
{\b If you received your review by mail, write directly on the printout.}
 Please make your changes directly on the printout and write clearly,
 using a pen.  If you include a separate sheet with text, indicate on
 the printout exactly where the text should be inserted into the summary.\par
\par
It may be noted in the General Information section of the summary that
 text is needed for a new subsection, such as Diagnostic Evaluation or
 Prognosis. This is optional.\par
\par
To make additions and deletions:\par\par
{\li580{\ls1
Add a suggested text change in the body of the text.\line
\par
Strike-through text that is to be removed.\line
\par
For references, add the reference in the body of the text or as a comment.
 {\b Do not renumber the references in the text or in the reference section.}
 Provide the first author\'92s last name, journal, and year of publication
 OR first author\'92s last name and PubMed ID.  For example,\line
\line
A pilot study suggests that direct intravitreal injection of melphalan
 may be effective in controlling active vitreous seeds.[43]{\i [Add
 Minuer FL, Br J Ophthalmol 2012; Level of evidence: 3iiDi]} This
 treatment is not without complications\'85.\line
\line
When adding a reference related to screening, prevention or treatment,
 include the level of evidence if appropriate. Refer to the enclosed Level
 of Evidence descriptions for more information.\line
\line
Strike-through a reference that is to be deleted.\line
\line
Consider deleting or replacing outdated references, particularly
 references published more than 10 years ago. If you would like a
 literature search performed or a copy of an article, please contact me.\par
}}
\par
I am available to answer any questions and provide assistance as needed.
 If you have questions about any aspect of the reformatted document, ask
 me to set up a phone call/meeting/email contact to have your questions
 answered.\par
\par
}
